Mobile docs update (#937)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/modules/mobile/setup-android.md

<%(TOC)%>

# Setting up Android support for the GDK

<%(Callout message="
Before reading this document, make sure you have read:

  * [Mobile support overview]({{urlRoot}}/modules/mobile/overview)
")%>

## Get the dependencies for developing Android games

1. Install **Android build support** for Unity:
    * If you have not used the GDK for Unity before, please follow the steps in [Setup & installation]({{urlRoot}}/machine-setup) and additionally select **Android build support** when installing Unity.
    * If you have Unity already installed and followed the [Setup & installation]({{urlRoot}}/machine-setup), open your Unity Hub and add the **Android build support** to your existing installation.

> 1. Follow the steps in [Setup & installation]({{urlRoot}}/machine-setup) and be sure to select the **Android build support** component during your Unity installation.

Reviewer: Don't need this line anymore :)

## Prepare your physical device

If you want to launch your game on a physical device, you need to:

1. Ensure you have USB debugging enabled on it. See the [Android developer documentation](https://developer.android.com/studio/debug/dev-options#enable) for guidance.
1. Connect the mobile device to your computer using a USB cable. You might get a pop-up window on the device asking you to allow USB debugging. Select **Yes**.
1. If you want to connect your device to a local deployment, ensure your computer and your mobile device are connected to the same network.

## Set up your Unity Editor

> If you don’t have a SpatialOS Unity project, you can get started with the [FPS Starter Project]({{urlRoot}}/projects/fps/get-started/get-started), the [Blank Starter Project]({{urlRoot}}/projects/blank/overview), or [make your own project]({{urlRoot}}/projects/myo/setup).

Most of your interactions with the GDK happen inside your Unity Editor. To get started:

1. Open your project inside your Unity Editor.

> 1. In your Unity Editor, go to the **External Tools** window. To do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your Unity Editor, open the **External Tools** window. To do this:
```

>     * On Windows, go to **Edit** > **Preferences** > **External Tools**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * On Windows, select **Edit** > **Preferences** > **External Tools** from the Unity Editor menu.
```

>     * On MacOS, go to **Unity** > **Preferences** > **External Tools**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * On MacOS, select **Unity** > **Preferences** > **External Tools** from the Unity Editor menu.
```

1. In the **Android** section of the **External Tools** window, tick the **Use embedded JDK** checkbox to use the JDK that Unity provides. 

> 1. Input the following paths into the **Android Section**:

Reviewer: Is it `Android Section` or `Android` section? Seems to be different here and the step above
